Weilbach and language history
besieged Hatoum today
the little total loser
He plays with a warehouse and can profit wisely
Nuclear waste storage was that Batu Müller knows he does not explain anything
you
Earlier, the daddy of the state market gave many nuclear power plants built without any problems
he has suddenly noticed that there are still a few gates behind
March to the WAZ
and where with all the nuclear waste
only no card
There you can take your time with the decision
the Münstertal Lenz long lasting
Not just a few days of this rollerblade you're good for me while enjoying country love
but a bit longer, namely several million years
have our track Uruguay
only a one-year contract
times, although the 1
Uhl thinks about where to go
maybe there's a good tip in the infinite history of nuclear waste
outsourced
Menig's granny thrown into the grave Borowiak rose height
being among the acquirers is already quite good simply the son salt studs in
Northern Germany 4 in the aseptic are careful so that nothing breaks
but big worries
Red with his rich
delicious atom soup
then there are just a few meters further to Gorleben
besides, unfortunately, was before the gun
no matter they are on top of that, look at great thermos flasks for the
Nuclear waste he stays hot for a long time
the neighbors can not believe their luck
and say goodbye to you
look for you in Stolpe in southern Germany
but they say the Süddeutsche Atomversuche Union more
we already have enough to do with producing nuclear waste
you our mothers to the north
is planned in the bleak Lower Saxony finally something going on
a bit of rambazamba
The police finally clean the gate
Children are allowed to play on the tracks
and continues
Finally comes out again is a tractor while Rector
now Michl week
thanks to nuclear waste new attraction their coordination
until next time I fired from 5
Of course there is also extra old 3 on TV every Thursday
and 10:30 pm is in the first one